\documentclass[english,,man]{apa6}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{unicode=true,
            pdftitle={A Critical Review of Structrual Interdependence Measures and Indices},
            pdfauthor={Author~\& Author2},
            pdfkeywords={word, words, words},
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[shorthands=off,main=english]{babel}
\else
  \usepackage{polyglossia}
  \setmainlanguage[]{english}
\fi
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}


  \title{A Critical Review of Structrual Interdependence Measures and Indices}
    \author{Author\textsuperscript{1}~\& Author2\textsuperscript{1}}
    \date{}
  
\shorttitle{INTERDEPENDENCE INDICES}
\affiliation{
\vspace{0.5cm}
\textsuperscript{1} Michigan State University}
\keywords{word, words, words\newline\indent Word count: 102}
\usepackage{csquotes}
\usepackage{upgreek}
\captionsetup{font=singlespacing,justification=justified}

\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{lscape}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage[flushleft]{threeparttable}
\usepackage{threeparttablex}

\newenvironment{lltable}{\begin{landscape}\begin{center}\begin{ThreePartTable}}{\end{ThreePartTable}\end{center}\end{landscape}}

\makeatletter
\newcommand\LastLTentrywidth{1em}
\newlength\longtablewidth
\setlength{\longtablewidth}{1in}
\newcommand{\getlongtablewidth}{\begingroup \ifcsname LT@\roman{LT@tables}\endcsname \global\longtablewidth=0pt \renewcommand{\LT@entry}[2]{\global\advance\longtablewidth by ##2\relax\gdef\LastLTentrywidth{##2}}\@nameuse{LT@\roman{LT@tables}} \fi \endgroup}


\DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor{ThreePartTable}{table}
\DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor{lltable}{table}
\DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor*{longtable}{table}
\makeatletter
\renewcommand{\efloat@iwrite}[1]{\immediate\expandafter\protected@write\csname efloat@post#1\endcsname{}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{lineno}

\linenumbers

\authornote{Author1, Department of Psychology, Michigan State
University; Author2, Department of Psychology, Michigan State
University.

Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Author,
316 Physics Rd \#348, East Lansing, MI 48824. E-mail:
email}

\abstract{
Some abstract text here.


}

\usepackage{amsthm}
\newtheorem{theorem}{Theorem}[section]
\newtheorem{lemma}{Lemma}[section]
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{definition}{Definition}[section]
\newtheorem{corollary}{Corollary}[section]
\newtheorem{proposition}{Proposition}[section]
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{example}{Example}[section]
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{exercise}{Exercise}[section]
\theoremstyle{remark}
\newtheorem*{remark}{Remark}
\newtheorem*{solution}{Solution}
\begin{document}
\maketitle

The nature of work is changing such that the connections between tasks
and actors are increasingly relevant levers for understanding and
benefiting from human capital. Five times as many Americans are employed
in service jobs compared to those in manufacturing and production (Ford
\& Bowen, 2008; Parker, Wall, \& Cordery, 2001), signaling the shift
from a manufacturing economy of additive tasks to a market economy of
knowledge and service in which organizational success is driven by the
complex interplay between customers, employees, and stakeholders.
Changes in information, communication, and transportation technology
fueled flatter firm hierarchies, virtual and telework, and teams as the
building blocks of modern organizations (Mathieu, Tannenbaum, Donsbach,
\& Alliger, 2014) where employees must manage work flows and coordinate
their activities to perform at high levels (Kozlowski, 2012).
Organizational scientists now emphasize questions about connections and
interdependence among employees who collaborate with and receive
feedback from their coworkers (Grant \& Parker, 2009) because the
interplay of task and social relations among team members is thought to
either relate to outcomes such as collective efficacy, cohesion,
behavioral processes, and performance (Courtright, Thurgood, Stewart, \&
Pierotti, 2015) or create the context in which team behaviors unfold
through time (Baard, Rench, \& Kozlowski, 2014; Marks, Mathieu, \&
Zaccaro, 2001). Understanding the nature of dependence among actors will
enable organizations to better design, train, develop, and motivate
personnel for effective teamwork, whereas endeavors that fail to
consider interdependence have \enquote{little relevance to building
knowledge in the work groups and team literatures} (Kozlowski \& Bell,
2003, p. 363).

Interdependence or dependency (defined later) has received increasing
attention among organizational researchers, and most tie their work in
some way to the notions of Thompson's (1967) task workflows, Mohr's
(1971) writing on the extent to which individuals perceive that they
have \enquote{one person} jobs, or Penning's (1975) bases of
interconnectedness. Bell and Kozlowski (2002) present a typology of
virtual teams where interdependency is one of the main features
distinguishing different team types; Morgeson, Garza, and Campion (2012)
and Grant and Parker (2009) review the work design literature and
present task interdependence as a key feature for understanding
organizational behavior; Kiggundu (1981) presents a theory of how
interdependence relates to feelings of responsibility to one's work;
Lenox, Rockart, and Lewin (2007) use interdependence in their theory on
why firms rise and fall within an industry over time; and Puranam,
Raveendran, and Knudsen (2012) predict relationships between
organization design, information processing, and interdependence.
Empirical studies on interdependence, both as a predictor and outcome,
slowed after initial reports by Ven, Delbecq, and Koenig (1976) and
Cheng (1983) but have recently reemerged in the literature (e.g., De
Dreu, 2007; Grant, 2008; Hertel, Konradt, \& Orlikowski, 2004; Lee,
Shin, \& Kim, 2018).

Although these reviews, theories, meta analyses, and empirical studies
have increased our understanding of interdependence in organizations and
teams, its measurement and operationalization have yet to be unified or
organized. Items sometimes measure interdependence without attending to
(and perhaps confounding) its various directions, such as initiated and
received (Kiggundu, 1981) or reciprocal (Pearce \& Gregersen, 1991).
There are different domains that it can apply to, such as role, task, or
outcome dependence (Wageman, 1995), different levels of abstraction,
such as whether the measure applies to the individual, dyad, group, or
firm (Mansfield \& Pollins, 2003), and it has been proposed as a way to
create typologies both for teams and tasks (Lee, Koopman, Hollenbeck,
Wang, \& Lanaj, 2015). Many of these issues have been refined
conceptually, especially within a recent meta analysis by Courtright et
al. (2015), but the literature contains little guidance on where the
field stands with respect to interdependence measurement. Moreover,
there are theoretical indices, observational measures, self reports,
discrete task counts, workflow images used in supervisor interviews,
formal equations for agent-based models, network indices, and algorithms
for computing dependence based on resource exchanges all as methods of
indicating the level of interdependence in a given setting. The purpose
of this paper is to organize this material, provide a taxonomy of
interdependence measures, and link measures to specific purposes so that
future research can appropriately align measurement with theory.

The contributions of this paper are as follows. First, we provide a
resource for identifying various interdependence measures and their
purpose. Gathering the array of measures into a single location allows
us to better understand what they capture and how they can be used,
notice inconsistencies and areas for improvement, and provides
directions for future research. Each of these components will be
discussed in this paper. By organizing and reflecting, we are also able
to place attention on old indices that are useful but have been
underappreciated. Interdependence measurement today is dominated by self
reports, but there were a number of relevant theoretical indices
proposed in the 60's, 70's, and 80's that we hope to re-highlight.
Second, we draw attention to aggregation and the multi level nature of
interdependence. As discussed later, there is a growing emphasis on
initiated, received, and reciprocal interdependence as various
arrangements at play in a task environment. Although researchers
acknowledge that these constructs are related, their measurement occurs
without discussion about the appropriate way to aggregate or compile one
construct to another. We recast this discussion in terms of Chan's
(1998) composition framework and multi level theory to better appreciate
the various levels that interdependence can subsume. Third, any clarity
that comes from interependence measurement should advance theory in this
area. By reflecting on how interdependence is operationalized and
measured, new ideas emerge that we hope ignites better theory. Seeing
all of the measures at once also helps identify confounds that merit
theoretical scrutiny in future work, we discuss those later. Finally,
our paper is a launching point for research, argument, and hopefully
eventual consensus on the merits of various interdependence indices. Our
literature has witnessed heated debates about agreement indices,
structural equations modeling fit statistics, difference scores,
diversity indices, and how to appropriately represent person-environment
fit. All of these areas worked out best methods, practices, and
interpretations of various indices. Our paper is a signal that
interdependence deserves something similar.

We begin by discussing interdependence and its various dimensions. Next,
we present our taxonomy and way of organizing the interdependence
measures and indices. After unpacking and reviewing the material, we
discuss challenges, provide recommendations, and point to next steps for
research.

\hypertarget{structural-interdependence}{%
\section{Structural Interdependence}\label{structural-interdependence}}

Interdependence has been discussed across many reviews in fields ranging
from organizational psychology to political science, strategy, and
management (Dalton, Todor, Spendolini, Fielding, \& Porter, 1980; Fan \&
Lang, 2000; Lenox et al., 2007; Wegman, Hoffman, Carter, Twenge, \&
Guenole, 2018). Theoretical clarity on its different forms was provided
in a meta analysis by Courtright et al. (2015); we follow their
organization to introduce this material. Structural interdependence
refers to features of the team -- such as resources and workflows as
well as goal and reward systems that can be deliberately manipulated by
team leaders and members -- that define the interconnectedness of team
members (Wageman, 1995). Courtright et al. (2015) note that,

\begin{quote}
\begin{quote}
team members and leaders choose low {[}structural{]} interdependence
when they structure tasks on an individual basis with a pooled product,
when they form the team with resources redundant across team members, or
when they establish goal and reward systems that primarily emphasize
individual contributions over collective outputs. In contrast, they
choose high {[}structural{]} interdependence when members simultaneously
work on all aspects of the task, when they intentionally form groups
with members processing varied access to resources, or when they
establish goal and reward systems that primarily emphasize collective
outputs. (p.~3).
\end{quote}
\end{quote}

Structural interdependence is distinct from teamwork behaviors such as
planning, monitoring progress, confidence building, and backup behaviors
(Marks et al., 2001), which are referred to collectively as behavioral
processes in the teams literature (DeChurch \& Mesmer-Magnus, 2010).
Shea and Guzzo (1987) and Wageman (1995) referred to actual team
behaviors and interactions as an alternative form of interdependence,
called behavioral interdependence, meaning, for example, if workers on
assembly line \enquote{A} interact more than workers on assembly line
\enquote{B} then those in \enquote{A} have greater behavioral
interdependence. But Courtright et al. (2015) note that this idea is
largely captured within the behavioral processes outlined in the groups
and teams literature. Our paper focuses on measures and theoretical
indices for structural interdependence.

\hypertarget{forms-of-structural-interdependence---task-and-outcome}{%
\section{Forms of Structural Interdependence - Task and
Outcome}\label{forms-of-structural-interdependence---task-and-outcome}}

Different labels exist for the various dimensions of structural
interdependence, but they can largely be classified within two areas:
task and outcome interdependence. Task interdependence refers to
\enquote{the degree to which taskwork is designed so that members depend
upon one another for access to resources and create workflows that
require coordinated action} (Courtright et al., 2015, p.~4). It captures
what Mathieu, Maynard, Rapp, and Gilson (2008) called means
interdependence, what Ven et al. (1976), McCann and Ferry (1979), and
Thompson (1967) called task interdependence or the notion of workflow
patterns, what Arthur et al. (2012) called team relatedness and
workflow, O'Brien's (1968) notions of collaboration and coordination,
and the dimensions of role theory outlined by Oeser and Harary (1962).
Research in this area focuses on how tasks are divided among the group,
the precedence relationships among tasks and roles, the extent to which
members depend on one another for skills, data, materials, information,
and other resources, the combination of task accomplishments into a
final product, the exent to which members work individually versus in a
group, and the flow of materials across members.

Outcome interdependence refers to \enquote{the degree to which the
outcomes of taskwork are measured, rewarded, and communicated at the
group level so as to emphasize collective outputs rather than individual
contributions} (Courtright et al., 2015, p.~4). It captures what Puranam
et al. (2012) called agent interdependence, what Barrick, Bradley,
Kristof-Brown, and Colbert (2007) called psychological interdependence,
what Pennings (1975) called social interconnectedness, what Tjosvold
(1986) called goal interdependence, and the notions of payoff
differences with respect to what Victor and Blackburn (1987) called
reflexive, fate, and behavioral control. Research in this area focuses
on whether goals and feedback are provided at the individual versus team
level, the nature of feedback and rewards and whether they are
contingent on individual or group contributions, and how performance is
aggregated and communicated.

\hypertarget{taxonomy-and-classification}{%
\section{Taxonomy and
Classification}\label{taxonomy-and-classification}}

Although researchers operationalize interdependence in a variety of
ways, they can largely be partitioned into two domains: self reports and
theoretical indices. Self reports are administred to team members,
leaders, or supervisors and the individuals are then asked to indicate
their perceived interdependence, whereas theoretical indices are
formulas or methods for researchers to compute values of interdependence
based on theorized or observed workflow patterns, goal structures, or
task interactions. Within each of these broad discussion areas (i.e.,
self reports and theoretical indices) we discuss task and outcome
interdependence and also futher distinctions such as initiated and
received (defined below) interdependence, whether the measure is used at
the individual or team level, example items and uses, and provide
recommendations, critiques, and research agendas for future work.

\hypertarget{self-reports}{%
\subsection{Self Reports}\label{self-reports}}

Table 1 presents self-report measures of task interdependence. Items in
this space assess perceptions about workflow patterns and the extent to
which one or more tasks must be completed before others are initiated.
Sample items include, \enquote{One task needs to be performed before the
other task} (Wong \& Campion, 1991), and \enquote{Unless my job gets
done, other jobs cannot be completed} (Morgeson \& Humphrey, 2006). A
handful of both individul and team level measures exist. Items at the
individual level assess how one individual perceives his or her task in
relation to others, e.g. \enquote{The way I perform my job has
significant impact on others} (Pearce \& Gregersen, 1991), whereas team
level measures emphasize dependence without reference to any single
individual, \enquote{Within my team, jobs performed by team members are
related to one another} (Lee et al., 2018). As shown, most scales
emphasize the individual level; a few contain both individual and
team-referent items.

\includegraphics{images/table1.png}

Researchers using self reports have also distinguished between
initiated, received (Kiggundu, 1981), and later reciprocal
interdependence (Pearce \& Gregersen, 1991). All are forms of task
interdependence, but initiated occurs when \enquote{work flows from the
focal employee to others} (Grant \& Parker, 2009), whereas received
interdependence emphasizes how the focal employee is affected by work
from others (Kiggundu, 1981). When both occur, the focal node is said to
be under reciprocal interdependence. Morgeson and Humphrey (2006)
provide a scale for both initiated and received interdependence, whereas
Pearce and Gregersen (1991) provide items that measure reciprocal
interdependence and \emph{independence}. Other existing measures tend to
emphasize reciprocal (e.g., Campion, Medsker, \& Higgs, 1993; Wong \&
Campion, 1991) or mix items that reflect initiated, received, and
reciprocal interdependence (e.g., Lee et al., 2018; Pennings, 1975).

Individuals typically respond to task interdependence items with respect
to all of their tasks, meaning that a focal individual is asked not
about a defined activity such as giving a presentation but, instead,
about her perceived interdependence in general. The exception is a study
and measure provided by Arthur et al. (2012). These researchers created
a list of tasks that F-16 pilots completed during their training,
gathered subject-matter-expert ratings of the interdependence among
those tasks that could be used as an \enquote{objective} standard, and
then created measures that were completed by individual pilots
concerning their perceptions of interdependence \emph{for each
individual task}. The perceptions that emerged from the self reports
then matched the SME-classified high, medium, and low task
interdependent activities. The questionnaire provided by the authors is
reprinted in Figure 1. For each task, individuals were asked to rate the
extent to which they were required to work with other team members and
then mark the pattern of workflow, such as pooled, sequential, or
reciprocal. These authors also uniquely differentiate between
team-relatedness, or the extent to which successful performance requires
task interdependence, and team workflow, or the type of task
interdependence as defined by Thompson (1967). The images of task
relationships shown in their \enquote{team workflow} box are the same as
those in Ven et al. (1976) and Thompson (1967): the questionnaire used
by Ven et al. (1976) is shown in Figure 2. As shown, the images
represent increasingly task interdependent work arrangements, moving
from independent to sequential, reciprocal, and then team. Note that
Bell and Kozlowski (2002) called the last task interdependence type
\enquote{intensive} rather than \enquote{team.} In Arthur et al. (2012),
members are asked to rate each task with respect to the task
interdependence work flow type, whereas in Thompson (1967) and Ven et
al. (1976) individuals are asked to used the images to describe the
nature of their work as a whole.

\includegraphics{images/figure1.png}

\includegraphics{images/figure2.png}

Moving to outcome interdependence, Table 2 shows self reports currently
in the literature. Items in this space assess perceptions about shared
goals, e.g., \enquote{My work goals come directly from the goals of my
team} (Campion et al., 1993) or benefits contingent on group rather than
individual contributions, e.g., \enquote{Many rewards from my job are
determined in large part by my contributions as a team member} (Campion
et al., 1993). There are a number of both individual (De Dreu, 2007) and
team-referent (Janssen, Van De Vliert, \& Veenstra, 1999; Zhang, Hempel,
Han, \& Tjosvold, 2007) measures. Campion et al. (1993) provide two
separate scales, one for goal and the other for reward interdependence,
whereas other researchers assess only goal interdependence (Zhang et
al., 2007), reward interependence (De Dreu, 2007), or use items that tap
both domains (Janssen et al., 1999).

\includegraphics{images/table2.png}

\hypertarget{challenges-recommendations-and-next-steps}{%
\subsubsection{Challenges, Recommendations, and Next
Steps}\label{challenges-recommendations-and-next-steps}}

\hypertarget{multi-level-composition-and-compilation}{%
\paragraph{1 Multi Level Composition and
Compilation}\label{multi-level-composition-and-compilation}}

Our tables reflect whether items assess individual or team perceptions
of task/outcome interdependence, and readers will probably consider that
notion with a section title labeled \enquote{multi level,} but the
levels issue we draw attention to, instead, is among initiated,
received, and reciprocal self reports. Many other discussions about
appropriately moving from individual to team-reference measures exist
(James, 1982), but the idea that reciprocal is on a different level than
initiated or received has gone unnoticed. In our view, initiated and
received task interdependence are two constructs that concern the
perceptions of a single node. Reciprocal interdependence, though,
requires multiple (at least two) nodes with shared perceptions about
interdependence.

To appreciate this idea fully, work up from an understanding of
initiated and received at the individual level. Initiated has to do with
work flowing out of a given node, and is assessed with items such as,
\enquote{Unless my job gets done, other jobs cannot be completed.}
Received also concerns a single node, but it concerns work flowing into
a given node, \enquote{My job cannot be done unless others do their
work.} These are perceptions at the individual level regarding a given
task or job. When both are at play, researchers label the measure as
reciprocal and use items such as, \enquote{The way I perform my job has
a significant impact on others} and \enquote{My own performance is
dependent on receiving accurate information from others.} Our concern is
not with the items or assessed construct, but with its label. To say
that something is reciprocal is to imply words such as mutual, common,
joint, corresponding, and complementary, meaning that more than one node
has to agree with the pattern of in and out flows. There is an
additional, untapped area for researchers to assess, which is the extent
to which the perceptions of task outflows from one individual are shared
by task inflow perceptions from another. If Jacob perceives outflow from
his task in the direction of Roxanne, does Roxanne share that perception
in the form of receiving inputs from Jacob? In our view, that is what
reciprocal means (and it is consistent with Thompson's original 1967
writing and Van de Ven et al.'s 1976 instrument).

What we are arguing for as next steps, then, is one of two directions.
Either the current label given to reciprocal items such as those in
Table 1 is replaced by a new term, such as \enquote{both,}
\enquote{full-flow,} or \enquote{IR interdependence} and reciprocal is
reframed to mean what we described above, or -- and probably the more
reasonable approach given that reciprocal measures already exist --
future research considers how to extend reciprocal and perhaps introduce
a new term that captures agreement between task in and out-flows as
originally implied by Ven et al. (1976). Again, given that reciprocal
already exists in the literature and a number of measures are at play,
it makes sense to leave the label as is and adopt the second approach in
future work.

Irrespective of the route, future work can leverage existing discussions
in Chan (1998) and Kozlowski and Klein (2000) for how to proceed. An
additive approach would simply sum or average the scores from two nodes
regarding their task interdependence, whereas a direct consensus
approach would entail an additional agreement score to justify
aggregation. The more rigorous approach would be to provide both
\enquote{I} and \enquote{We}-referent questions to both nodes, use an
agreement index on the \enquote{I} scales to justify aggregation, and
treat the \enquote{We}-phrased measure as the higher level construct.
Essentially, we are recasting the idea of intiated/received versus
reciprocal into a levels idea from individual to dyadic.

\hypertarget{task-job-person}{%
\paragraph{2 Task, Job, Person}\label{task-job-person}}

The second tension is whether the focal node is a task, job, or person.
Descriptions differ across reviews and theories. For instance, Kiggundu
(1981) describes initiated interdependence as the degree to which work
flows from a particular \emph{job} to one or more other jobs, whereas
Grant and Parker (2009) state that it occurs when work flows from a
particular \emph{employee} to others. These differences carry over into
measurement items, which sometimes refer to tasks, e.g., \enquote{How
well one task is performed has a great effect on how well the other task
can be performed} (Wong \& Campion, 1991) and at other times reflect the
person or job, \enquote{My job cannot be done unless others do their
work} (Morgeson \& Humphrey, 2006).

In our view, there is a greater tension here than simple wording
differences. It is a theoretical and empirical question as to whether
the mechanisms differ if the focal node of interdependence is a task,
job, or person. If they do, it remains to be seen how much of an effect
that has across the various measures. But the notion we want to point
out is that measures should align with theory. If the theory and
arguments being tested concern tasks, it may not be appropriate to use
items that refer to jobs. Wong and Campion (1991) have argued that jobs
are aggregations of tasks, which means that theorizing about one but
measuring the other without justifying the translation in either
direction would be untenable in the same sense as theorizing about
individuals but measuring only team-level variables (Kozlowski, 2012).

\hypertarget{purpose-and-inference}{%
\paragraph{3 Purpose and Inference}\label{purpose-and-inference}}

Much like the application of a statistical model to data, we recommend
that researchers think hard about the inference they wish to make and
use that reasoning as a basis for which measure to choose. Our tables
provide references and can be used as a guide for where to turn given a
researcher's particular interest. Poor preparation or justification can
lead to an accumulation of innapropriate items, construct redundancy, or
contamination, especially in the organizational structure space where
there are a vast number of related ideas with potentially overlapping
items: coordination, cooperation, conflict, formalization,
specialization, roles, tasks, jobs, etc.

\hypertarget{theoretical-indices}{%
\subsection{Theoretical Indices}\label{theoretical-indices}}

Researchers have also operationalized interdependence by presenting a
number of formalas or methods for calculating an interdependence value
outside of any perception by an individual emeshed within the task
network. An index of task interdependence, for example, could come from
a count of the number of task precedence relationships that exist in a
unit, or, in other words, the number of tasks that require other tasks
to be completed before they themselves can occur. The value of
interdependence in these measures, therefore, comes from the researcher
either presuming task relationships and structure in a theory or
observing it in the field, although the latter is far less common.

Table 3 depicts interdependence indices. The first five come from the
organizational science literature, whereas the last three are pulled
from the computer science and software engineering literatures. Indices
provided by O'Brien (1968) and others cohere most directly with the
notion of task interdependence represented in self reports, so we begin
there. First, consider task precedence indices provided by O'Brien
(1968), Wood (1986), and Oeser and O'Brien (1967) -- row one of Table 3.
These indices quantify the amount of precedence relationships in a task
network. As shown in the images, when task one must be completed before
task two, which must be completed before task three, which must be
completed before task four, the index is greater than when tasks one,
two, and three feed into task four but none of the first three tasks
require precedent completions. In other words, a low value of the index
means that tasks can be completed irrespective of the status of other
tasks, performance on one does not depend on the performance or
completion of another. Oeser and O'Brien (1967) originally introduced
this index simply as the \enquote{task by task} matrix in their
structural role theory, which was adopted and transformed slightly by
O'Brien (1968) and called the inter-task coordination index, and later
used as part of a task complexity taxonomy by Wood (1986) and labeled
coordinative complexity. The index associated with Oeser and O'Brien's
(1967) task by task matrix can take on any positive, real value (zero
included), whereas the inter-task coordination index provided by O'Brien
(1968) is bounded by 0 and 1. Wood's (1986) coordinative complexity
index is identical to O'Brien's (1968) inter-task coordination index.
Note that the values we use in the example image include 10 and 3, so
they come from Oeser and O'Brien's (1967) task by task matrix, but the
other index would also classify the first task structure as more
interdependent given the greater number of precedence relationships.

\includegraphics{images/table3a.png}

Row two of Table 3 presents another common theoretical task
interdependence index that is often ignored or confounded in self report
ratings: the extent to which individuals work jointly on tasks. Now, the
emphasis is not on precedence relationships or the extent to which tasks
must be completed before others, but on the allocation of people to
tasks and the extent to which people overlap in those assignments. To
what extent is a given task completed by a single or multiple
individuals? Oeser and Frank (1962, 1964) originally introduced this
index in their person by task matrix within structural role theory, and,
as with the other index, O'Brien (1968) later adopted it and provided a
scaling between 0 and 1 that he called inter-position collaboration. The
images show two possible ways to assign two individuals to two tasks. In
the first, each task is completed by a single individual so the index
takes on a low value, whereas the index increases for the second
arrangement where task one undergoes joint performance by both
individuals.

The next row of Table 3 describes the NK model of interdependence
presented in the strategy literature by Lenox et al. (2007). This index
captures the complexity of task or activity configurations within a
unit. Imagine a unit or team with four tasks, A, B, C, and D, and assume
that A depends on B and there are no other task dependencies. Take task
A to be \enquote{training} and task B to be \enquote{find a manager to
train the unit,} where each can take on a binary value, 0 or 1, in which
the options for A include error management or active learning whereas
those for B include two different managers, Joe and Kelly. We can
represent an arrangement in a task vector, such as {[}0, 1{]}, which, in
this case, means that the unit received error management training by
Kelly, whereas the vector {[}1, 1{]} would mean that the unit received
active learning training by Kelly. Given that A depends on B in this
example, there are four task vectors that may produce unique values of
performance for the unit: {[}0, 0{]}, {[}0, 1{]}, {[}1, 0{]}, and {[}1,
1{]}. Said differently, the results of tasks A and B with respect to
unit performance (or any other relevant outcome) could potentially
differ in four ways due to the task arrangements that stem from
interdependence. When task A depends not only on B but also on C, there
are eight unique (binary) configurations, and when A then also depends
on D there are 16 unique (binary) configurations. This index, therefore,
represents the increasing number of potential results as tasks begin to
depend on one another.

\includegraphics{images/table3b.png}

The next three task interdependence indices in Table 3 come from
software engineering and computer science: syntactic, workflow, and
logical dependency. Before discussing them, it helps to briefly unpack
common work activities for programmers. Imagine an individual who writes
a script that will eventually become a website for a blog about cooking,
music, and current events. The blog contains posts about the various
topics, images displayed on each page, an interesting design in the
background, links to similar material on other sites, and compiled
reports on US trends garnered from scraping data from other places on
the web. Often, code for different tasks will be stored within different
scripts. One script may scrape and clean data from the web while another
searches for and prepares links to other relevant material. A third
script contains the text for each post, a fourth prepares images and
charts. A master script then references each of these individual scripts
and ultimately compiles the website, and, back down a level of
abstraction, each individual script may reference yet other scripts that
initiate basic functions and objects. All of the ways in which these
various scripts \enquote{reference} one another, or pull code from
different sources, creates dependence in a similar way that tasks more
familiar to organizational psychologists do. The other aspect that
merits attention before discussing dependence is commits. After writing
code for one or several files, a programmer then commits her changes
either to be checked by others or maintained indefinitely by the
website. With these basic notions in mind, syntactic, workflow, and
logical become easier to understand.

Syntactic dependency refers to the number of code references either
across all scripts or within a single file. When Justin's code
references two other files, A and B, his script is said to have less
syntactic dependency than Rachel's code that references six other files.
It can also be applied to the entire workflow of the unit to be compared
with another. Think back to the cooking, music, and current events blog
mentioned above, perhaps its code, as an entire unit, contains greater
syntactic dependency than the files, as a unit, from another site on
sports commentators within the US. Whenever a script or set of scripts
reaches elsewhere for additional code, syntactic dependency increases.

Logical dependency is similar, but it incorporates commits. Essentially,
this index captures the extent to which files, when worked on, require
other scripts to be updated as well within the same commit. {[}More here
after working out note within table{]}.

Workflow dependency, finally, is the degree centrality of the person
with the greatest degree centrality out of all of the people working on
a script. Imagine two different scripts, A and B, each with an
assortment of different people writing their code. Susie, Sarah,
Savannah, Sam, and Sheryl write code within script A, whereas Robert,
Rachel, Rome, Rupert, and Robin write code within script B. Out of all
the people working on script B, Rome has the greatest degree centrality
(4). Sarah, on the other hand, has the greatest degree centrality out of
all of the people working on script A (10). Script A, then, is said to
have greater workflow dependency than script B.

Indices of outcome, rather than task, interdependence were presented in
Victor and Blackburn (1987) writing on interdependence theory. They
unpacked what is essentially a game theory framework for describing and
quantifying actions and outcomes for two or more individuals. The matrix
representation used in their paper is identical to normal form games in
economics where players are situated either on the row or the column,
along with their possible actions, and the values in the matrix
represent the rewards, outcomes, or utilities for the row/column player.
The example reprinted in Table 3, for instance, shows that the sales
manager receives an outcome of 5 when she conducts action A2 while the
credit manager conducts action B1. All of the examples described in
their theory use actions and activities, but the ideas generalize to
tasks as well. The index that we draw attention to is a number that
Victor and Blackburn (1987) call the index of dependence that captures
the extent to which the rewards/outcomes for one player are determined
by the other player's tasks or actions (this number is not the specific
value within an outcome matrix, such as 5 or -4 in the top right cell).
For example, for a given move by the credit manager, the sales manager
does not change her outcome by switching from action (task) A1 to action
(task) A2. In other words, the outcomes associated with the network of
tasks or actions is determined by the actions/tasks of the row player
but not the column player. In this case, then, the index of dependence
for the sales manager is 1, meaning that her outcomes are completely
determined by the other player's actions (tasks).

\includegraphics{images/table3c.png}

The index of dependence is computed for every individual in the game so
that each person receives his or her own (potentially) unique value, but
Victor and Blackburn (1987) also provide a team-level index called the
index of correspondence which captures the overlap between rewards
governed by an individual's own actions (tasks) and those governed by
other's actions (tasks). Imagine a system in which all players have some
control over their outcomes given their task choices. Susan, for
instance, can choose between writing (task 1) or scheduling meetings
(task 2) and those tasks lead to different outcomes such that she has a
preference for one over the other. Jackie also has task choices, she can
choose to analyze data (task 1) or update the scripts for her shared
website with Susan to improve its security (task 2). To the extent that
Jackie's task choices influence Susan's outcomes irrespective of whether
Susan chooses to write or schedule, Susan's index of dependence will
increase -- her outcomes depend not only on her actions or tasks but
also on Jackie's. The index of correspondence, conversely, is about the
alignment of choices under one's own control with those not under one's
own control. To what extent does the unit share preferences for actions,
task completions, or task choices? One individual can collect different
rewards for making different choices, but rewards are also determined by
what the other player's choose. To what extent do those two tensions
align?

\hypertarget{recommendations-challenges-and-next-steps}{%
\subsubsection{Recommendations, Challenges, and Next
Steps}\label{recommendations-challenges-and-next-steps}}

\hypertarget{index-compared-to-self-report}{%
\paragraph{1 Index compared to self
report}\label{index-compared-to-self-report}}

\hypertarget{index-dynamics}{%
\paragraph{2 Index Dynamics}\label{index-dynamics}}

\hypertarget{apply-to-field-and-see-what-we-have.-no-data-on-non-perceived-interdependence}{%
\paragraph{\texorpdfstring{3 apply to field and see what we have. No
data on \enquote{non perceived}
interdependence}{3 apply to field and see what we have. No data on ``non perceived'' interdependence}}\label{apply-to-field-and-see-what-we-have.-no-data-on-non-perceived-interdependence}}

\hypertarget{purpose-and-inference-1}{%
\paragraph{4 Purpose and Inference}\label{purpose-and-inference-1}}

\newpage

\hypertarget{references}{%
\section{References}\label{references}}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.5in}
\setlength{\leftskip}{0.5in}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-arthur_team_2012}{}%
Arthur, W., Glaze, R. M., Bhupatkar, A., Villado, A. J., Bennett, W., \&
Rowe, L. J. (2012). Team Task Analysis: Differentiating Between Tasks
Using Team Relatedness and Team Workflow as Metrics of Team Task
Interdependence. \emph{Human Factors: The Journal of the Human Factors
and Ergonomics Society}, \emph{54}(2), 277--295.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1177/0018720811435234}{10.1177/0018720811435234}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-baard_performance_2014}{}%
Baard, S. K., Rench, T. A., \& Kozlowski, S. W. (2014). Performance
adaptation: A theoretical integration and review. \emph{Journal of
Management}, \emph{40}(1), 48--99.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-barrick_moderating_2007}{}%
Barrick, M. R., Bradley, B. H., Kristof-Brown, A. L., \& Colbert, A. E.
(2007). The moderating role of top management team interdependence:
Implications for real teams and working groups. \emph{Academy of
Management Journal}, \emph{50}(3), 544--557.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-bell_typology_2002}{}%
Bell, B. S., \& Kozlowski, S. W. (2002). A typology of virtual teams:
Implications for effective leadership. \emph{Group \& Organization
Management}, \emph{27}(1), 14--49.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-campion_relations_1993}{}%
Campion, M. A., Medsker, G. J., \& Higgs, A. C. (1993). Relations
Between Work Group Characteristics and Effectiveness: Implications for
Designing Effective Work Groups. \emph{Personnel Psychology; Washington,
D.C.}, \emph{46}(4), 823. Retrieved from
\url{http://search.proquest.com/docview/1304560424?pq-origsite=summon}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-chan_functional_1998}{}%
Chan, D. (1998). Functional relations among constructs in the same
content domain at different levels of analysis: A typology of
composition models. \emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{83}(2),
234.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-cheng_interdependence_1983}{}%
Cheng, J. L. C. (1983). Interdependence and Coordination in
Organizations: A Role-System Analysis. \emph{The Academy of Management
Journal}, \emph{26}(1), 156--162.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.2307/256142}{10.2307/256142}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-courtright_structural_2015}{}%
Courtright, S. H., Thurgood, G. R., Stewart, G. L., \& Pierotti, A. J.
(2015). Structural interdependence in teams: An integrative framework
and meta-analysis. \emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{100}(6),
1825.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-dalton_organization_1980}{}%
Dalton, D. R., Todor, W. D., Spendolini, M. J., Fielding, G. J., \&
Porter, L. W. (1980). Organization structure and performance: A critical
review. \emph{Academy of Management Review}, \emph{5}(1), 49--64.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-dechurch2010cognitive}{}%
DeChurch, L. A., \& Mesmer-Magnus, J. R. (2010). The cognitive
underpinnings of effective teamwork: A meta-analysis. \emph{Journal of
Applied Psychology}, \emph{95}(1), 32.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-de_dreu_cooperative_2007}{}%
De Dreu, C. K. (2007). Cooperative outcome interdependence, task
reflexivity, and team effectiveness: A motivated information processing
perspective. \emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{92}(3), 628.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-fan_measurement_2000}{}%
Fan, J. P. H., \& Lang, L. H. P. (2000). The Measurement of Relatedness:
An Application to Corporate Diversification. \emph{The Journal of
Business}, \emph{73}(4), 629--660.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1086/209657}{10.1086/209657}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-ford_service-dominant_2008}{}%
Ford, R. C., \& Bowen, D. E. (2008). A service-dominant logic for
management education: It's time. \emph{Academy of Management Learning \&
Education}, \emph{7}(2), 224--243.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-grant_significance_2008}{}%
Grant, A. M. (2008). The significance of task significance: Job
performance effects, relational mechanisms, and boundary conditions.
\emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{93}(1), 108.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-grant_7_2009}{}%
Grant, A. M., \& Parker, S. K. (2009). 7 Redesigning Work Design
Theories: The Rise of Relational and Proactive Perspectives. \emph{The
Academy of Management Annals}, \emph{3}(1), 317--375.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/19416520903047327}{10.1080/19416520903047327}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-hertel_managing_2004}{}%
Hertel, G., Konradt, U., \& Orlikowski, B. (2004). Managing distance by
interdependence: Goal setting, task interdependence, and team-based
rewards in virtual teams. \emph{European Journal of Work and
Organizational Psychology}, \emph{13}(1), 1--28.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-james_aggregation_1982}{}%
James, L. R. (1982). Aggregation bias in estimates of perceptual
agreement. \emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{67}(2), 219.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-janssen_how_1999}{}%
Janssen, O., Van De Vliert, E., \& Veenstra, C. (1999). How task and
person conflict shape the role of positive interdependence in management
teams. \emph{Journal of Management}, \emph{25}(2), 117--141.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/S0149-2063(99)80006-3}{10.1016/S0149-2063(99)80006-3}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-kiggundu_task_1981}{}%
Kiggundu, M. N. (1981). Task interdependence and the theory of job
design. \emph{Academy of Management. The Academy of Management Review
(Pre-1986); Briarcliff Manor}, \emph{6}(000003), 499. Retrieved from
\url{http://search.proquest.com/docview/230024574/citation/F519BCF482D347D4PQ/1}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-kozlowski_groups_2012}{}%
Kozlowski, S. W. (2012). Groups and teams in organizations: Studying the
multilevel dynamics of emergence. \emph{Methods for Studying Small
Groups: A Behind-the-Scenes Guide}, 260--283.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-kozlowski_work_nodate}{}%
Kozlowski, S. W. J., \& Bell, B. S. (2003). Work Groups and Teams in
Organizations. \emph{Industrial and Organizational Psychology}, 58.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-lee_why_2018}{}%
Lee, S.-H., Shin, Y., \& Kim, M. (2018). Why work meaningfulness alone
is not enough: The role of social identification and task
interdependence as facilitative boundary conditions. \emph{Current
Psychology}.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s12144-018-0027-0}{10.1007/s12144-018-0027-0}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-lee_team_2015}{}%
Lee, S. M., Koopman, J., Hollenbeck, J. R., Wang, L. C., \& Lanaj, K.
(2015). The Team Descriptive Index (TDI): A Multidimensional Scaling
Approach for Team Description. \emph{Academy of Management Discoveries},
\emph{1}(1), 91--116.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.5465/amd.2013.0001}{10.5465/amd.2013.0001}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-lenox_interdependency_2007}{}%
Lenox, M. J., Rockart, S. F., \& Lewin, A. Y. (2007). Interdependency,
competition, and industry dynamics. \emph{Management Science},
\emph{53}(4), 599--615.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-mansfield_interdependence_2003}{}%
Mansfield, E. D. H., \& Pollins, B. M. (2003). Interdependence and
Conflict : An Introduction. In.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-marks_temporally_2001}{}%
Marks, M. A., Mathieu, J. E., \& Zaccaro, S. J. (2001). A temporally
based framework and taxonomy of team processes. \emph{Academy of
Management Review}, \emph{26}(3), 356--376.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-mathieu_review_2014}{}%
Mathieu, J. E., Tannenbaum, S. I., Donsbach, J. S., \& Alliger, G. M.
(2014). A review and integration of team composition models: Moving
toward a dynamic and temporal framework. \emph{Journal of Management},
\emph{40}(1), 130--160.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-mathieu_team_2008}{}%
Mathieu, J., Maynard, M. T., Rapp, T., \& Gilson, L. (2008). Team
Effectiveness 1997-2007: A Review of Recent Advancements and a Glimpse
Into the Future. \emph{Journal of Management}, \emph{34}(3), 410--476.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1177/0149206308316061}{10.1177/0149206308316061}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-mccann_approach_1979}{}%
McCann, J. E., \& Ferry, D. L. (1979). An approach for assessing and
managing inter-unit interdependence. \emph{Academy of Management
Review}, \emph{4}(1), 113--119.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-morgeson2012work}{}%
Morgeson, F. P., Garza, A. S., \& Campion, M. A. (2012). Work design.
\emph{Handbook of Psychology, Second Edition}, \emph{12}.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-morgeson_work_2006}{}%
Morgeson, F. P., \& Humphrey, S. E. (2006). The Work Design
Questionnaire (WDQ): Developing and validating a comprehensive measure
for assessing job design and the nature of work. \emph{Journal of
Applied Psychology}, \emph{91}(6), 1321--1339.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1037/0021-9010.91.6.1321}{10.1037/0021-9010.91.6.1321}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-obrien_measurement_1968}{}%
O'Brien, G. (1968). The measurement of cooperation. \emph{Organizational
Behavior and Human Performance}, \emph{3}(4), 427--439.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0030-5073(68)90019-6}{10.1016/0030-5073(68)90019-6}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-oeser1962mathematical}{}%
Oeser, O. A., \& Harary, F. (1962). A mathematical model for structural
role theory, i. \emph{Human Relations}, \emph{15}(2), 89--109.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-oeser1964mathematical}{}%
Oeser, O., \& Harary, F. (1964). A mathematical model for structural
role theory, ii. \emph{Human Relations}, \emph{17}(1), 3--17.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-oeser1967mathematical}{}%
Oeser, O., \& O'Brien, G. (1967). A mathematical model for structural
role theory, iii. \emph{Human Relations}, \emph{20}(1), 83--97.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-parker_future_2001}{}%
Parker, S. K., Wall, T. D., \& Cordery, J. L. (2001). Future work design
research and practice: Towards an elaborated model of work design.
\emph{Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology},
\emph{74}(4), 413--440.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-pearce_task_nodate}{}%
Pearce, J. L., \& Gregersen, H. B. (1991). Task Interdependence and
Extrarole Behavior: A Test of the Mediating Effects of Felt
Responsibility, 7.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-pennings_interdependence_1975}{}%
Pennings, J. M. (1975). Interdependence and complementarity-The case of
a brokerage office. \emph{Human Relations}, \emph{28}(9), 825--840.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-puranam_organization_2012}{}%
Puranam, P., Raveendran, M., \& Knudsen, T. (2012). Organization Design:
The Epistemic Interdependence Perspective. \emph{Academy of Management
Review}, \emph{37}(3), 419--440.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.5465/amr.2010.0535}{10.5465/amr.2010.0535}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-shea1987groups}{}%
Shea, G. P., \& Guzzo, R. A. (1987). Groups as human resources.
\emph{Research in Personnel and Human Resources Management}, \emph{5},
323--356.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-thompson2017organizations}{}%
Thompson, J. D. (1967). \emph{Organizations in action: Social science
bases of administrative theory}. Routledge.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-tjosvold_dynamics_1986}{}%
Tjosvold, D. (1986). Dynamics and outcomes of goal interdependence in
organizations. \emph{The Journal of Psychology}, \emph{120}(2),
101--112.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-ven_determinants_1976}{}%
Ven, A. H. V. D., Delbecq, A. L., \& Koenig, R. (1976). Determinants of
Coordination Modes within Organizations. \emph{American Sociological
Review}, \emph{41}(2), 322.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.2307/2094477}{10.2307/2094477}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-victor_interdependence_1987}{}%
Victor, B., \& Blackburn, R. S. (1987). Interdependence: An alternative
conceptualization. \emph{Academy of Management Review}, \emph{12}(3),
486--498.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-wageman_interdependence_1995}{}%
Wageman, R. (1995). Interdependence and group effectiveness.
\emph{Administrative Science Quarterly}, 145--180.

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-wegman_placing_2018}{}%
Wegman, L. A., Hoffman, B. J., Carter, N. T., Twenge, J. M., \& Guenole,
N. (2018). Placing Job Characteristics in Context: Cross-Temporal
Meta-Analysis of Changes in Job Characteristics Since 1975.
\emph{Journal of Management}, \emph{44}(1), 352--386.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1177/0149206316654545}{10.1177/0149206316654545}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-wong_development_1991}{}%
Wong, C.-s., \& Campion, M. A. (1991). Development and test of a task
level model of motivational job design. \emph{Journal of Applied
Psychology}, \emph{76}(6), 825--837.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1037/0021-9010.76.6.825}{10.1037/0021-9010.76.6.825}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-wood_task_1986}{}%
Wood, R. E. (1986). Task complexity: Definition of the construct.
\emph{Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes},
\emph{37}(1), 60--82.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0749-5978(86)90044-0}{10.1016/0749-5978(86)90044-0}

\leavevmode\hypertarget{ref-zhang2007transactive}{}%
Zhang, Z.-X., Hempel, P. S., Han, Y.-L., \& Tjosvold, D. (2007).
Transactive memory system links work team characteristics and
performance. \emph{Journal of Applied Psychology}, \emph{92}(6), 1722.


\end{document}
